We're also pleased to announce the release of a new brochure entitled answers to ten
questions young people ask.
The content of this 32-page full color brochure is based on articles in a wake and the
two volumes of questions young people ask, answers that work, as well as the young people
ask articles on the JW.org website.
This new brochure will be particularly helpful to those who speak a language in which that
material is not available.
However, all young people can benefit from this new brochure because the original articles
have been updated and rewritten.
Each section of the brochure addresses one question.
After stating the question, the section begins with a pointed statement under the feature
why it matters.
Letting the reader know why that question is relevant, then what would you do scenario
is presented, putting the reader in a hypothetical situation related to the topic.
After discussing various principles, scriptural advice directs the reader to the best answers
for that particular question.
The ten questions brochure is interactive, allowing the reader to write responses to
the various questions presented.
The final topic, how can the Bible help me, is designed to invite readers who are
not Jehovah's Witnesses to accept a Bible study.
The brochure makes numerous references to the JW.org website and directs readers to
more information that can be found there.
Also, the brochure is designed in such a way that young people can be comfortable sharing
it with their peers and with others in the ministry.
This brochure is already approved for translation into 324 languages.
Of these languages, 223 do not produce a wake and 262 have not produced the young people
ask book.
So we expect that answers to ten questions young people ask will help many more use benefit
from the Bible's practical wisdom.
Following this program, digital formats of the brochure will become available on the
JW.org website, the JW Library at and on Watchtower Online Library as they are produced
in each language.
Traditionally, printed copies of the brochure can be requested through your congregation
at the conclusion of this program.